no no I will just be back
back here it is like the bike path
yes it must be here look bike path
footbath
yes that is the fate of electric
drive right now you are going constant
are you looking for
charging stations and sometimes you become one
little tired of i got lucky i have
an app on my phone
is called love to lead and that gives nicely
you could tell by the walen palen
as a kind of tinder for electric
to drive
only yes as a charging station on the thing
state that contact time does not exist yes
you can get a little tired of that
looking for the next one
hey
No
j
not
No
your goodbye to dorado such a pain or fine
That's a question that doesn't come at once
can answer a little more time it goes
seize because I have whole
double feelings with actually something
have done that car all sorts of things
of course have compared him to
with other cars in this segment so the
bmw i3 the nissan leaf
that kind of car must say brought there
he was by no means unkind from further on
this car for many readers of us
the very first introduction to
electric driving
and yes not the very first one for me
quite a for the very first time
I really know that I will spend a whole weekend there
decided to free one day
I will drive that car for an entire weekend
drive to see how they feel
well into the hectic existence of
the yes cups i will give you the details
but I still need one
broad lines tell what's all
happened it was friday afternoon i had
He always works on the low rise all day
at the editors means the
one hundred and ten kilometers
My girlfriend went that evening
because luckily nearby in Nieuw-Vennep
Battle of Hoofddorp
well start guessing at the restaurant then
were 10 miles away level 100 miles
about when she also promised me
Piet's daughter will be in the next day
bring to the hockey club
she would play it off I didn't know
I have to step back from fake
india where did you play that seemed
Watergraafsmeer to be Watergraafsmeer
ff it is 25 km fact that I
back then together Veth
people in almere had to go home first
delivering that was then already driving
pole to pole hour citizen reports
to become
I ended up with the fifth
charge point they price to the
across the street for more people
and that was only half of rody kitty
can guarantee if ever mine
relationship like I have to make again the
so take it home with you
I know that this is all very well
acid my beak but that is what I mean
it not because after
my existence is pretty hectic like you
Well just have your own charging station at home
and you have your own leave at work
Your life consists of morning
from your bombs to work and even theirs
work to your living so now you do n't
much special is quite a whole
good alternative
because what I just say this is
be a pioneer and let's be honest
pioneering is never easy because there would be
they are not pioneers
at the moment i have a problem with
scope here on a problem with it
number of charging stations because they were in themselves
still enough billions of last few
months are of course a huge one
Lot of thousands of VHDD 11,000 Mitsubishi
plug-in hybrid dwarfs come to
all on those posts must be the number
posts has not risen very much and then
I understand you are busy is also
waiting for the very first case
from charging station violence hey your bible as
come to the fifth pole and then you sit
of course that your trunk cord is too
and then some other comes
plug-in hybrid the 18 stand and that
stuck in just for you well I have too
Less bad things wrong Russian
see it emerge
it is of course I said it is
pioneering and that needs its time
and the need dares it must be beautiful
compare it a bit with it
driving the first hour yes then
you had to go to the pharmacy to get one
Petroleum jug to get what you put into it
stops then massage the neighbor
arrangement with a red flag for your car
wanted to walk out yes then drive in
that time to see where we now come
I think we are electric
need driving to get to latin
when driving electrically over 10 20
years and if you still go to this car
really looks like a car and really not on that
We rich toilet and drive pretty nice
to be honest it is not an exciting car
to drive but which gasoline car
it runs exciting in this class
just neat and fine the only thing
name so you can only 95 camera with the
in the eco mode you can start from one
keep a list of 130 but then you are
scope so much shorter that you dare not
once and I mentioned it before
charging station violence I have a new word
for 2014 the word of 2014
Charging station vandalism yes we are now
just before it is back
fell victim to
charging station vandalism I will let you
just see it before I had cameraman
that green with it that becomes a neat village
slate
so you would say and he will find it
in the morning
just back with gross violence from the
nose of the so drawn again
broken and then you think and make packages
after him a crown stone and a soldering iron
this cable that costs you hold 900 euros
and we have managed to limit the damage
by connecting the shorter cable to the van
to take place that only costs 600 euros
and then you almost wish the person who
did this
that you do not export in the morning
next to the car but then I am not allowed
say
by the way, when I'm doing naughty
being allowed to make another prediction that
it is the soon to be the first
electric riders are those such a beautiful
sign made with defect and that 's
Like going home on their own
charging pole that they even hang the pole
have only that idea for themselves
of course do not care about me